1.6
Plugin now uses itself to validate its own translation
Added French translation for the plugin


1.5 23-Sep-2012
Added generation of CSV files with keys for each severity (ERROR/WARN/INFO).
Added a summary to the report, with links to sections
Added logging of expected html/url key pattern for default validator
Refactored ValidateMojo logic by splitting the class into 6 orchestrators
Fixed strange bug where javascript validator would not log errors into the console
Fixed HTML tag coherence validator to ignore siblings order
Upgraded xhtml5 schema to XMLmind 1.0.3

1.4 26-May-2012 New validators

Refactored validators architecture and model, with notion of scope (single property value, translations of a property, whole properties file, whole bundle of properties file, ...)
Added identical translation validator, to info identically translated resources, or warn if translations are mostly identical but a few differ.
Added Trailing whitespace validator for all resources.
Added SpellCheck validator, based on Jazzy Spellchecker and using locale from properties file name. Location of dictionaries has to be specified via plugin configuration.
Added HTML tag coherence validator, to warn if html tags used are different between translated values of a resource.
Modified URL validator to detect HTML imported urls with hardcoded http protocol (*.js, *.css, *.png, ...) that would cause browser mixed content warnings.
Modified HTML validator to ignore HTML5 data-* custom attributes, as this cannot easily be expressed in an XML schema.
Added threshold (30) for number of info/warn issues logged per type.
Added skip plugin configuration property.
Added plugin integration tests using maven-invoker-plugin.
Added log of issues summary per severity & type, after validation.

1.3 07-Apr-2012 Customization
Added custom pattern validators.
Added XHTML validation schema configuration, with pre-defined xhtml1-transitional (default), xhtml1-strict or xhtml5 (based on http://www.xmlmind.com/xhtml5_resources.shtml 1.0.1).
Added configuration to switch from double quoted js resources (default) to single quoted js resources validation. 
Modified URL validation regex to use more precise ESAPI pattern.
Increased number of replaced formatting parameters in resource before URL/XHTML validation from 9 to 19.
Fixed report generation failure when no issues found.

1.2.1 14-Feb-2012 Java 5 compatibility patch
Fixed Java 5 compatibility issue introduced in 1.2.

1.2 14-Feb-2012 Reporting goal
Added report goal that binds to site phase;
Added parametric replacement checks (single quote escaping, parameters coherency).
Added support for javascript escaping of double quotes in js resources (\\").
Added javascript unescaping before HTML validation for js resources.
Added missing translation checks.
Refactored code architecture with validators.
Changed logging to be more consistent.

1.1 10-Feb-2012
Added HTML unescaping before URL validation.
Added Text key validation (no HTML/URL).
Changed Other resources validation to warning instead of error.

1.0 07-Feb-2012 Initial release
Validate goal that binds to test phase.